README.md, before:

# World Now
![Made in](https://img.shields.io/badge/made%20in-kotlin-blue.svg)
![Pull Request](https://img.shields.io/badge/pull--request-welcome-green.svg)

This is a news app make purely in Kotlin and uses the Architecture Components, Dagger2 and RxJava

## Dagger-Android & RxJava

The app is built using `dagger.android` and `RxJava`. Below is the brief about the packages in the app:
  * `di` : This package contains all the files related to dependency injection
    * `component` : It contains the `AppComponent` that is responsible for generating all the code for injection and connecting the modules to injections.
    * `module` : It contains the Modules that provide the dependencies needed by the app.
    * `qualifier` : It contains the `ViewModelKey` `@MapKey` responsible for the injection in the `ViewModel`
  * `network` : This package contains a `NewsInterface` that is used by `Retrofit` to make network calls.
  * `ui` : It contains all the classes related to Android ui. For ex: `Activity`, `ViewModel`, `Adapter` etc.
    * `base` : Contains the `BaseActivity` that will be inherited by all the other activities.
    * `news` : Contains the `Activity` and `ViewModel` for the news.
  * `utils` : It contains the utility classes such as a `ClickListener`, `DataClasses` etc.

## Contributions

Found a bug? Just create an `issue` and once assigned, start working on it!

You feel that the app can be improved somehow? Maybe the architecture can be made more rebust so that the app is testable? Feel free to `fork` it and create a `Pull Request`.

Made with 💙 in Kotlin

Commit message:

Add: Contribution Guidelines for HactoberFest'18

README.md, after:

# World Now
![Made in](https://img.shields.io/badge/made%20in-kotlin-blue.svg)
![Pull Request](https://img.shields.io/badge/pull--request-welcome-green.svg)

This is a news app make purely in Kotlin and uses the Architecture Components, Dagger2 and RxJava

## Dagger-Android & RxJava

The app is built using `dagger.android` and `RxJava`. Below is the brief about the packages in the app:
  * `di` : This package contains all the files related to dependency injection
    * `component` : It contains the `AppComponent` that is responsible for generating all the code for injection and connecting the modules to injections.
    * `module` : It contains the Modules that provide the dependencies needed by the app.
    * `qualifier` : It contains the `ViewModelKey` `@MapKey` responsible for the injection in the `ViewModel`
  * `network` : This package contains a `NewsInterface` that is used by `Retrofit` to make network calls.
  * `ui` : It contains all the classes related to Android ui. For ex: `Activity`, `ViewModel`, `Adapter` etc.
    * `base` : Contains the `BaseActivity` that will be inherited by all the other activities.
    * `news` : Contains the `Activity` and `ViewModel` for the news.
  * `utils` : It contains the utility classes such as a `ClickListener`, `DataClasses` etc.

## Contributions

Found a bug? Just create an `issue` and once assigned, start working on it!

You feel that the app can be improved somehow? Maybe the architecture can be made more robust so that the app is testable? Feel free to `fork` it and create a `Pull Request`.

### Guidelines
* Create an issue or comment on an existing one. Wait until it is assigned to you.
* Add your name to the Contributors.MD file in format
```
## Name: Your name
## GitHub: [Your github id](url of the profile)
```
* Fork the repository and clone to your local machine
```
git clone https://github.com/your-username/World-Now.git
```
* Create a separate branch in format `issue-number`
```
git checkout -b issue-number
```
For example, if you are working on `issue-1`
```
git checkout -b issue-1
```
* Commit and push
```
git add .
git commit -m "Commit Message"
git push origin branch-name
```
* Create a new pull request from your forked repository
* Wait for your PR to be merged and approved.


Made with 💙 in Kotlin
